[Music]
no madness
cinematic language is very specific
the emotional connection how can we
bring that into the soundscape
to preserve glo each idea it was the
most important challenge
the objective is to be authentic sergio
he's editing while also pre-dubbing the
sound effects in a way that it is
spatially
representative of his creative ideas
the idea was to put all the elements and
preserve this balance between
all the atmospheres all the music
everything that involves the the sound
to being
an authentic piece of art
the great thing about chloe is is that
she's extremely precise
her style of filmmaking in terms of her
desire to have
a smaller tightly knit group of
filmmakers on set
that ultimately influences the kinds of
recordings that wolf snyder the
production sound mixer was able to
capture
in these very intimate and small
environments where you
physically feel like you're in the space
the trick to really great sound is in
the recording
we had a track that really represented
what the sound needed to sound like it
was already
so three-dimensional and so authentic
that we had this great
anchor point to be able to work against
[Music]
we have a lot of layers sounds
off-screen
that can improve and embrace the scenes
is immersive the idea basically is to
bring
both elements but
preserve this thin line fiction and
non-fiction
everything should be in a perfect
balance
the sound effects and the sound design
are always working harmoniously
and very naturalistic not melodramatic
it feels organic thank you linda mae in
the end
as a sound designer it's everything
about compassion
the idea is to convey the audience to
have a real
emotional impact
[Music]
you